Update daily builds guidance (#22468)
dotnet/efcore: DailyBuilds.md

> # Daily Builds

Reviewer: Should put this file under docs

Daily builds are created automatically whenever a new commit is merged to the `main` branch. These builds are verified by more than 70,000 tests each running on a range of platforms. These builds are reliable and have significant advantages over using previews:

* Previews typically lag behind daily builds by around three to five weeks. This means that each preview is missing many bug fixes and enhancements, even if you get it on the day it is released. The daily builds always have the latest features and bug fixes.
* Serious bugs are usually fixed and available in a new daily build within one or two days--sometimes less. The same fix will likely not make a new preview/release for weeks.
* You are able to provide feedback immediately on any change we make, which makes it more likely we will be able to take action on this feedback before the change is baked in.

## Using daily builds

> The daily builds are not published to NuGet because there are way too many of them! Instead they can be pulled from a custom NuGet feed used by the build system. To access this feed, create a `NuGet.config` file in the same directory as your .NET solution or projects. The file should contain the following content:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The daily builds are not published to NuGet.org because there are way too many of them! Instead they can be pulled from a custom NuGet feed. To access this feed, create a `NuGet.config` file in the same directory as your .NET solution or projects. The file should contain the following content:
```

        <add key="dotnet6" value="https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_packaging/dotnet6/nuget/v3/index.json" />
        <add key="dotnet6-transport" value="https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_packaging/dotnet6-transport/nuget/v3/index.json" />
        <add key="nuget.org" value="https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json" />
    </packageSources>
</configuration>
```

## Which version to use

Daily builds are currently branded as EF Core 6.0. For example, `6.0.0-alpha.1.20457.2`. This is an artifact of the build system; these builds still contain the bits what we plan to ship as EF Core 5.0.

### Using an explicit version

You can use your IDE to choose the latest version. For example, in Visual Studio:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1430078/92644977-01108780-f299-11ea-897e-bb8e9705ada7.png)

Alternately, your IDE might provide auto-completion directly in the .csproj file:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1430078/92645046-1d142900-f299-11ea-9e40-c2b1fe1f61c1.png)

### Using wildcards

It may be more convenient to use wildcards in project references. For example:

```xml
  <ItemGroup>

>     <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Tools" Version="6.0.0*" />

Author: 6.0.0* doesn't work, so changing to 6.0.0-*.
